This file will keep track of papers and other resources used when finding what models would be best for this specific lensing gaalxy

J0924+0219
>matus mentioned this one might be problematic so look into it
>In discovery paper(Inada 2003): 4th component might be reddened by microlensing or millilensing,
    -Using the positions of components A–C and of lensing galaxy G (which of course might not bethe only lensing galaxy) > is there a second galaxy?
    -Two additional minor possibilities exist: (1) that component D is a second lensing galaxy and contributes significantly to the lensing potential, which would change the
    lensing model such that the predicted position of component D0 is incorrect, and (2) that this lensing system has a very interesting lensing potential that produces only           three lensed components.
    -The estimated colors and the spherical appearance of component G, therefore, indicate that it may be an elliptical galaxy at 0:2 < z < 0:5. 
    This would be the primary lensing galaxy of this lensing system. 
    -To settle  the issue of what causes the lack of the fourth quasar component, we need to obtain deeper and higher resolution images and more sensitive faint-object spectroscopy of
      component D.
 >Keeton 2006
   - While we cannot exclude the possibility that millilensing by dark matter substructure is also present, we conclude that microlensing is present and sufficient to
    explain existing data. Under this hypothesis, the A/D flux ratio should return to a value close to unity on a timescale of years rather than millennia.
    -Thus, we conclude that there is a range of microlensing models with reasonable parameters that can explain he flux ratio anomaly in SDSS J0924+0219 acceptably well.
    -We believe that microlensing offers the best and most natural explanation for SDSS J0924+0219, but concede that we cannot rigorously rule millilensing out.
    -If there is only microlensing, then over the next few years, image D ought to return to the brightness predicted by smooth lens models, in both the continuum and emission-line. 
      If there is anymillilensing, then differences between observed and smooth model flux ratios will persist for centuries.
 >Macleod 2015: 
    We analyze the optical, UV, and X-ray microlensing variability of the lensed quasar SDSS J0924+0219
    >Optical for 10 yrs in R band
    >UV for 10 epochs
    >IR done
    -SDSS J0924+0219 exhibits pronounced microlensing variability in the UV compared to the optical, indicating a comparatively small extent for the UV continuum emitting
    region, as expected for an accretion disk.
    -The microlensing variability in SDSS J0924+0219 is even more pronounced in the X-rays compared to the optical and UV, indicating an even smaller extent for the X-ray continuum
    emitting region. >about background galaxy
    -These results confirm that the X-ray continuum emitting regions in quasars are compact, supporting models involving an X-ray emitting region concentrated near 
     the inner edge of the accretion disk, >about background galaxy
     
     so an elliptical lensing galaxy and microlensing of component D.
     
B1152+200:
Myers 1999: Further contraints cannot be determined yet
Toft et al. (2000) modelled the lens system assuming a standard dark halo as the dominating lens mass> still more data needed
Asadi 2020:
    Whereas the jet appears straight in one of the images, the other exhibits slight
    curvature on milliarcsecond scales. This is unexpected from the lensing solution and has
    been interpreted as possible evidence for secondary, small-scale lensing (millilensing) by  compact object with a mass of 105–107 M located close to the curved image. 
    The probability for such a superposition is extremely low unless the millilens population has very high surface number density
    >> they thought there was millilensing, but now think it not so, since it might be dependant on the beam. 
    To investigate the expected shape of image B given a macrolens model without substructure, we use the GLAFIC lensing code (Oguri 2010) to model the B1152+199 main lens as a
    singular isothermal ellipsoid (SIE) with external shear

    So just an elliptical, no millilensing
    
B1600+434:
Jaunsen 1997
    In this Letter we report the discovery of an edge-on late-type galaxy located between the two lensed components (separation 1.004), close to the fainter image. The galaxy
    photometry indicates that its redshift is approximately 0.4.
    We estimate the lens to have a major axis a = 4.001±0.002, an axis ratio a/b = 2.4±0.2 and a position anglePA = 46◦ ± 3◦.>maybe weird idea, bit if they have this one 
    modelled already?? use that?
     On the basis of the residual image and the measured galaxy properties we assume that the lensing galaxy is a spiralb galaxy
 Koopmans 1998
    We present new observations of the gravitational lens (GL) system B1600 + 434, strongly suggesting that the lens is an edge-on spiral galaxy.
    B1600 + 434 was discovered as a compact flat spectrum radio double with a separation of 1.39 + 0.01 arcsec. Very
    Large Array (VLA) 8.4-GHz observations show no structure resulting from extended emission (e.g. lobes) aroundthe compact flat spectrum radio core and 
    no sign of a central third image above the noise level is found .
    BUT there is a second lensing galaxy??? The companion galaxy G2 south-east of Gl appears to be a nearly face-on luminous barred spiral galaxy
   The small galaxy G3 is a moderately inclined (spiral) galaxy some 10 arcsec west ofB1600 + 434. Because this galaxy is much smaller and ~2
    mag fainter than G2 [~6 times less massive for the same mass-to-light ratio and redshift], we do not incorporate this galaxy in the mass models (both the convergence and 
    shear of G3 will be ~ 10 times smaller than that of G2 at images A and B). 
    >> maar G2 is niet lensing galaxy denk ik, hij zit ernaast, is alleen voor de mass modeling zie figuur
    
B1608+656:
Koopmans: we assume they are two individual lens galaxies, perhaps merging. The surface brightness distributions of G1 and G2 were fitted with elliptical isophotes in IRAF.
    This is not challenged in other papers, sometimes they add an external shear >> we will first try to fit the superposition of 2 galaxies?
    
J0806+2006:
Inada: there are some nearby galaxies that influence the mass modeling, but it prob wont influence our data.
    To explore the lensing hypothesis further, we modeled the system using the two standard mass models: a singular isothermal sphere with an external shear (SIS+shear) model, 
    and a singular isothermal ellipsoid (SIE ) model.
oguri: In all the samples, effective radii are measured using the de Vaucouleurs profile.> just an elliptical :)

J1330+1810:
Oguri: The wide-field image suggests a possible group of galaxies located near the lens system (see Section 2). == no influence on photometry but influence on mass modeling
    e adopt two standard mass models that are widely used in modelling strong lens systems: a Singular Isothermal Ellipsoid (SIE) and a SIE plus external shear perturbation (SIEx). >> again just an elliptical

J1650+4251:
Morgan: Our basic model is an SIS potential for the lensing galaxy, plus an external shear to break the circular degeneracy.

J1524+4409:
ofek: we fitted, in the source plane, the image positions with an elliptical softened power-law mass model 
Oguri: The bright galaxy G has red colors and is fitted well by a de Vaucouleurs profile

J1633+3134:
    Morgan: We will adopt the singular isothermal sphere (SIS) model to describe the gravitational potential of the hypothesized lensing galaxy
        however this one does not have imaging yet of the lensing galaxy
    maar verder weinig over te vinden dus gebruik bovenstaande
    
1455+1447:
    Kayo: We fit the I-band image with two PSFs and a galaxy, and the best-fit S ́ersic index was 3.5. 
